Marcia Falk
Raphael Halff
Named after the Greek colony of Croton, known for its Olympic athletes, Crotona Park has served the Bronx community steadily since its purchase by the City in 1888. Among naturalists, the park is widely known for its variety of tree species (28 in all) and gorgeous 3.3-acre lake, which serves as home to turtles, ducks, and fish.

However, manmade structures within the park thrill visitors as well. Crotona Park’s pool is the largest in the borough at 300 feet. Tennis buffs happily head to the park’s 20 hard courts during the warm season, and baseball teams flock to its five diamonds. In addition, families log many hours romping in the eleven playgrounds spread throughout the park.

Young and old alike agree; Crotona Park is worth a Saturday spent exploring its wonders.


Rosa Lebensboim, better known by her pen name of Anna Margolin, is regarded by literary critics as one of the finest early twentieth-century Yiddish poets in America. Her poetry, translated by Adrienne Rich, Kathryn Hellerstein, and Marcia Falk, among others, appears in many Yiddish poetry anthologies in English. Captivating, temperamental, and intellectually gifted, Anna Margolin influenced the work of several major writers and thinkers of her time.

Anna Margolin was born in the Lithuanian town of Brisk on January 21, 1887, the only child of Dvoyre Leye (Rosenblum) and Menachem Lebensboim, who turned from Hasidism to a more worldly way of life. Under her father’s guidance, Margolin received a European secular education. As a child, she lived briefly in Königsberg and Odessa, later moving to Warsaw, where her father resided after her parents’ divorce. In 1906, her father sent her to America, where she began her writing career.


https://jwa.org/encyclopedia/article/margolin-anna 
Ana Margolin, JWA
http://www.sunypress.edu/p-4173-drunk-from-the-bitter-truth.aspx  
Collection of Poems

https://www.nycgovparks.org/parks/crotona-park/ 
On Crotona Park

http://www.laits.utexas.edu/gottesman/yunge.html 
Di Yunge Poets
